You said you were defeated by Xiaolong after the army
So you are no match for Xiaolong
What are you talking about?
Why is that cold-faced monster compared to me?
Just because he's defeated doesn't mean I'm going to lose
Do you think I'm not as good as that cold-faced monster?
Oh, dear.
After all these years, you two are still teasing
Who asked him to confess to you first?
And get into your bed naked
Treat me as a good sister
Then I didn't let him succeed either.
What about now?
What now?
You've been divorced from Linway for so long
Been doing it for years
Then let me serve you well tonight
Shu Ting, don't play with fire
I'm going to play with fire
Shu Ting, don't make trouble
So many years
Do you still think I'm making a fuss?
real